No, I like-- my favorite thing
to do is sleep now.
I love sleep.
Sleep is like--
that's my thing.
I love it.
And my kids don't let me.
They get me up at
6:00 in the morning.
I don't have to get up
'til, like, 7:00 a.m.
to get them to school.
They wake up
at 6:00.
They don't-- I don't
even understand this shit...
with getting out of bed
before you have to.
They wake up
and they're like...
They're so excited
and they want to--
I get it, they want to
share with me.
"Daddy, look,
it's all still here !"
That hurts my brain,
'cause at--
at 6:00 a.m., I'm just--
Uh, I'm so deep in the--
in the deep African sleep,
like it's just an ancient,
mysterious,
submerged in a river
of warm chocolate, just...
Ahh...
And sleep was like
a goddess whore
just sucking me off, just...
Ahh...
She's got a gold helmet
and 40 tongues and she's--
Ahh...
And she's speaking in
a dead language.
Los stalica forgentila !
Seiz deleca porgentila !
Ahh...
And she's feeding syrupy heroin
into my penis
while she's sucking--
For stalica forgentila !
Uh, let this be my life!
Please let this
be real, let this be real.
"Daddy !"
No, oh, shit!
"Daddy, wake up !"
Thanks a lot, folks,
good night.
Thank you very much.
Hey, good set.
but they sounded
happy through the door.
Yeah, thank you.
Hey, man, good set.
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
This is my agent, Doug.
This is Steven.
Nice to meet you, big fan.
Thank you.
See you later, man.
Wait, you leaving?
Yeah, I gotta--
Why, what?
After a set like that,
you gotta hang out
and get laid.
I haven't done that
since I was, like, 20.
I got kids.
I gotta go home and
pick 'em up in the morning.
That's a complete waste.
Is that what you do?
You hang out after shows
and pick up girls?
Heck no.
I have a family.
I have a wife and two kids
and I'm taking them to
Six Flags in the morning.
But you need to stay here
and get some tail.
After a set like that,
you own every woman
in that place.
You can have anyone you want,
so you need to stay here.
Now just sit down,
goddamn it, and wait.
Don't be an asshole.
Can I get a shot?
A shot of what?
Whiskey.
What kind of whiskey?
Just, please, a brown liquid
that makes people feel
differently than
if they didn't drink it.
Hey.
That was a really good set.
Thank you.
I know, I was watching you
all night inside.
It was really, really good.
Really, thank-- That's--
Really, really,
really good new stuff.
Thank you, that's nice that
you were watching, that's...
Thanks a lot.
Do you have new head shots?
Excuse me?
I need new head shots
for the website,
- because I only have the ones
from when you were younger. - Sure.
Can you have those sent to the office?
Yes, I'll do that, the...
Yup.
Thank you.
I know.
It was amazing, right?
It was amazing, but it was
a very long day.
Oh, it was, it was...
15 hours.
But, still, we had
a good time, right?
I know, I know,
it was wonderful.
Hello.
Hello?
Hi.
The show was terrific.
Oh, you were at--you were at the show?
Yes.
Thank you.
Thanks very much.
I've just been
sitting out here,
hoping you would come out.
Why were you doing that?
Because I wanna
show you my pussy.
Well...
that's--
that's very nice.
I'm glad you enjoyed the show.
So what is--
what's your name?
My name is Eunice.
Eunice.
Where are we going?
My house.
Your house?
You didn't want me to
show you my pussy
in the street, did you?
No, no, I didn't--
I didn't want you
to show me my-- your--
I didn't want you to
show you mou..
It's just that I don't know you
and it's a little weird to be
going to your home.
Um, and I didn't-- I-- I--
Are we going to New Jersey?
Maybe.
Listen, I-- I don't
know you
and I guess
I feel a little funny,
because I'm-- I'm in
the middle...
This is--
this is a very nice house.
Yes, well, we're very wealthy.
Hello, darling.
John, this is Louie.
How do you do?
Hello.
Uh, you're--
Jonathan's my husband.
Oh, this is, uh...
I didn't know
that you had a--
What did you tell him?
I told him I wanted to
take him home
and show him my pussy.
Did she tell you that?
Well...
She said something
like that, yes, I--
Well, great!
Let's get started.
Wait a minute,
hold on a second.
What's the matter?
You guys wanna
do this together as a--
Well, she's my wife.
Don't I get to see it, too?
Yeah, but--
I-- I-- it's just that--
Look.
A man and a woman and me
together with a--
I'm not--
I-- I-- I've never done--
You got into the car,
you came here with me.
Yeah, but I-- I thought
that we would be alone.
And what right did you
have to assume that?
Yes.
What right did you have?
Do you guys do this
all the time?
Well, that's a bit of
none of your business.
Listen, John, I saw your show,
I thought you were
very talented,
that really...
turned me on,
and I though it
might be nice to share you
with my husband.
Listen, whatever you guys
are into, that's fine.
I just--
I think I better go.
What's the matter,
you don't like my wife?
You're too good for her?
No.
Huh?
She's great, I just--
I have kids, I gotta pick 'em up
in the morning,
and I-- I didn't...
Well go on, then.
Get out of here.
Can you drive me back
to the city?
Well, I really don't
wanna go back out.
We have to be up early.
The children have
soccer tomorrow.
It's the playoffs.
Can you call me a cab,
'cause I don't even know
where I am right now.
I think you better go, buddy.
I think you better leave.
Now!
Hello?
Hey, man, listen, I'm...
I'm stranded out in the middle
of New Jersey somewhere.
What?
Who's that?
It's Louie.
I got into a weird thing with
some woman and I don't--
I don't know where I am,
but could you come get me?
I think I'm near you.
Okay, so you don't
know where you are
but you want me to come
and get you?
You're not going anywhere.
Well, I'm stranded out here.
And that just
became my problem.
There's no street signs.
I have no idea how to
find anyplace.
I've been
walking for ten minutes.
You got GPS on your phone?
I don't know, I--
You got GPS on your phone.
Anyway, hang up, look up
where you are
and I'll come
and get you, okay?
Okay.
Bye.
You're not going anywhere.
I told you to stop being friends
with him when he got divorced.
You can't
trust divorced people.
They ruin their lives
and now they wanna--
So you just jumped in
a woman's car,
just like that?
Well, she said
she was gonna--
Show you her pussy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
that's real smart, Louie.
So now my wife's mad at me
and I'm driving you around
at 2:00 in the morning.
I'm soy, okay?
I said I'm sorry.
Just please take me home, okay?
I'm not taking you home.
I'll take you to my place,
you'll spend the night.
No, I can't, I gotta pick up
my kids in the morning.
Oh, God.
All right, you know what?
You'll come back to my place,
you'll call a cab, they'll pick you up, okay?
Okay.
All right, all right.
I'm not taking you to the city
at 2:00 in the morning
'cause you had to look at
some crazy woman's vagina.
Okay.
That's not how I plan my life, okay?
I-- I get it.
All right.
I'm sorry and thank you.
Gotta grow up, man.
Thank you and I'm sorry.
Okay, okay!
Next time, find a vagina
in New York, okay?
She was in New York.
Well, that lives in New York.
I didn't know,
I didn't ask her--
Somebody says, "I wanna
show you my pussy,"
I don't ask 'em where--
Do you live in this area code?
Well, you should.
Thank you.
Thanks, baby.
Coming to my house, 2:00.
What are you doing, man?
Goddamn.
Doing what?
With your life,
what are you doing?
You're a father, Louie.
Jumping into cars, messing
around with swingers.
This is 30-year-old shit,
it's not 40-year-old shit.
Come on, man, when are you
gonna grow up?
When are you gonna settle down?
Settle down?
I'm divorced.
Yeah, well,
you still gotta grow up.
You got out of your marriage,
good for you.
But look at you, man.
You're getting into cars
with crazy people,
you gotta take care of
your kids in the morning.
Where is this headed?
I don't know.
Well, you're 43,
you should know.
Where are you headed?
Where am I headed?
I ain't headed nowhere,
I'm right here.
In my house,
with my wife, with my kids,
for better or worse--
Worse most of the time,
but I'm here, okay?
I'm not in the wrong state,
calling up your wife,
pissing people off,
having you come and pick me up
like some drunken teenager.
Okay, I feel appropriately shitty.
Good.
Yes, thank you.
You are a lot better than I am.
Damn right he is.
He's ten times the man you are.
Stop it.
Don't tell me when I can talk.
It's not your conversation.
It is when it's in my house!
And tell your fat friend that
this is my house, not his.
I just want to ask you,
have you ever done something
or lived a moment that
you, afterwards, said,
"Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna
tell anybody about that"?
"Yeah, that's going to my
grave with me, that one is."
Either because you're--
It's stupid,
embarrassing or horrible.
You just think, yeah,
that's staying with me.
That's-- I'm not telling any
people about that.
I would say that
probably 40% of my life
is made up of moments
like that.
So...
Wee here so early.
Well, it's good to get
here early, because--
Can I smoke in your car?
Please don't.
Can I have one?
Thank you.
So why-- why are you
going to Paris?
Serge's dad sent for him
two weeks ago
and he's been there two weeks.
I guess they bonded and...
he wants to be with him.
Who wants to be with which?
Both.
They both want to be together.
A month ago, Serge never even
mentioned he had a dad,
his dad never called,
everything was fine,
now they're in Paris
and, all of a sudden,
they give a shit about
each other.
So you're going for what?
Why are you...
I'm going to give it a shot.
Give what a shot?
I don't know, man.
Don't ask me.
I'm going.
But, so--
how long are you--
I'm gonna check in
and drink at the gate.
Okay.
So how... long
are you going for?
Thanks for driving me here,
by the way.
That was nice.
Sure, but, so how--
When are you coming back?
Can I help you?
Yes, I'm going to Paris.
Okay, passport, please.
Thank you.
Can I have your passport, too?
- I'm-- I'm not going.
- Just me. - All right.
Okay.
Do you mind taking one of
those bags off, please?
I'm sorry.
Thanks.
All right.
Got your--
What's your return--
what's the return?
But so when are you--
when are you...
When are you coming?
Okay.
Listen, here's the deal.
I'm going to Paris
to make it work
with my kid's dad
and I'm not coming back.
You understand?
I'm going there.
Well...
Okay, here's the thing.
You gotta move on, dude.
I mean, I-- I don't think
I'm being arrogant
by saying that
regardless of the fact
that I've done nothing
but let you know
there's no shot in hell
of you ever being with me,
you still got all your hopes
pinned on me, am I right?
Yeah.
Right.
So what I'm saying to you
right here and now
in this airport is,
stop doing that.
You gotta move on,
I'm going to Europe.
Yeah, but you might come back.
Louie.
Look, I know
the chances are slim,
but I-- I think we're supposed
to be together.
Jesus.
Come on, man.
I'm not attracted to you.
Why do you keep making me
say mean things to you?
I'm just saying,
this guy is a piece of shit.
I know that.
He left you and he left the kid
and now he has a whim to be
a family again
and I'm, frankly,
a little shocked.
What, what?
That--
What?
You're really strong.
You're tough
and you're no bullshit
and here you're tailing
after this guy?
Stop it.
Okay, maybe you're not
attracted to me.
No, no, not maybe.
I am not.
I have a hard time believing
that I feel this way
and that there's
nothing coming back.
I think you're just
not aware of it yet.
Oh, God.
Louie, come here.
Oh...
You're the most ( bleep )
person I ever knew.
I love you... I do,
but you gotta move on.
You gotta move on.
Forget about me, now.
I get it, I know what's
going on here, okay?
I'm not stupid.
It's just that--
You don't meet somebody like
you every day, and I just--
I think I'm gonna wait.
Don't.
It's my choice,
I can if I want to.
No, don't.
You can't tell me not to.
If I wanna do it,
I'll wait, I'm gonna wait.
I gotta go, dude.
It has not been a bummer
knowing you.
I will say that.
Thanks.
You're a good guy.
You're a good dad.
And you're a good friend
to someone
who you have an
unhealthy obsession with.
But just...
You gotta give yourself
a break, okay?
You're really going,
aren't you?
Yes, Louie, I'm going.
Oh, shit.
Okay, really?
Really now--
now it's bye.
Bye.
Hi.
Thank you.
Go, passengers, down to one.
Go down to two.
Wave to me, dummy.
Wave to me!
What ?!
Oh, Jesus.
Wave to me, wave to me!
Wait for you ?!
What ?!
Wait for you?
Wave to me!
Wait--
wait for you?
... Flight 1760...
You said--
you said wait for you?
Yeah, wave to me!
I will, I'll wait for you!
I'll wait for you!
Pamela, I will wait for you!
I...
I will wait for you!
Pamela!
I'll wait for you!